# Creating a new campaign

Here we'll walk through the process of creating a new campaign on DAO
Up! To create a fundraising campaign, you'll need an existing DAO on
[DAO DAO](https://daodao.zone).

## Creating a campaign for your DAO DAO DAO

Start by navigating to the DAO Up! campaign [creation
page](https://daoup.zone/create). Once you're there, fill in the
details of your campaign.

The campaign token is the token that your backers will be issued when
they fund the campaign. Before you reach your funding goal, backers are
able to exchange that token with the DAO Up! smart contracts for their
money back. After you reach your goal, backers will exchange the
funding token for governance tokens in your DAO.

Once you complete the campaign creation, you should be redirected to a
page showing your campaign. The campaign status will be "pending".

### Starting the campaign

In order to move the campaign out of a pending state, you'll need to
send it some governance tokens.

To do this, navigate to your DAO's page on [DAO
DAO](https://daodao.zone) and create a new proposal. With this
proposal, we'll be sending governance tokens from the DAO to the
campaign smart contract. To do this, add a custom message to your
proposal with the following contents:

```json
{
  "wasm": {
    "execute": {
      "contract_addr": "<DAO GOV TOKEN ADDR>",
      "msg": {
        "send": {
          "contract": "<CAMPAIGN CONTRACT ADDR>",
          "amount": "<GOV TOKENS TO SEND>",
          "msg": ""
        }
      },
      "funds": []
    }
  }
}
```

Make sure to replace the text surrounded with `<>` symbols above with
the appropriate addresses and amounts for your DAO and escrow
contract. You can find your DAO's gov token address in the "Treasury"
section of your DAO's page on DAO DAO and the campaign address on your
campaign's page.

Take care when filling in the amount field to include the number of
decimals your token has. If you created a new token via the DAO DAO UI
it will have six decimals. This means that the amount field should be
`tokens_to_send * 10**6`. For more information about decimals and
tokens see the CosmWasm [cw20
spec](https://github.com/CosmWasm/cw-plus/blob/main/packages/cw20/README.md#base).

When selecting the number of governance tokens to send, consider that
your backers want to participate in DAO governance. Send enough tokens
to make this possible.

### Funding the campaign

After your proposal is voted on and executed, your campaign will be in
the "Active" status on DAO Up!. Backers will be able to contribute to
and interact with your new campaign.

Congrats! Go out and tell your friends and community about what you're
building. We can't wait to see what you create :)
